Add Caveats to Ruby Library Injection (#19626)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_collection/library_injection_local.md

* Datadog [Cluster Agent v7.40+][3] for Java, Python, NodeJS, Datadog [Cluster Agent v7.44+][3] for .NET and Ruby.
* Datadog Admission Controller enabled. **Note**: In Helm chart v2.35.0 and later, Datadog Admission Controller is activated by default in the Cluster Agent.
* For Python, uWSGI applications are not supported at this time.

> * For Ruby, library injection support is in Beta. Instrumentation is only supported for Ruby on Rails applications and unfrozen gem files at this time.

Reviewer: `Gemfiles` rather than `gem files`.

Author: Good catch. Thanks!

> * For Ruby, library injection support is in Beta. Instrumentation is only supported for Ruby on Rails applications and unfrozen gem files at this time.

Author: ```suggestion
* For Ruby, library injection support is in Beta. Instrumentation is only supported for Ruby on Rails applications and unfrozen Gemfiles at this time.
```
